---
title: 收件者
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- exchange-online-recipients
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: da22b03a-c981-49c6-9928-4312c2c5e2ee
description: 本主題說明 Microsoft Exchange Online 中包含的收件者相關功能。 其中包括電子郵件、連絡人、通訊群組，以及行事曆與排程功能。
ms.openlocfilehash: a2d1f37bf4f86399522573d18177f6c397fd761c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: zh-TW
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132637"
---
# <a name="recipients"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-104">收件者</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-104">Recipients</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-105">本主題說明 Microsoft Exchange Online 中包含的收件者相關功能。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-106">其中包括電子郵件、連絡人、通訊群組，以及行事曆與排程功能。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span></span>
  
## <a name="email"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-107">電子郵件</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-107">Email</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-113">Exchange Online 中不再支援 全部擷取位址。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-113">Catch-all addresses are no longer supported in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-114">由於可防止潛在垃圾郵件的收件者篩選，因此會拒絕組織中不存在的電子郵件地址。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-114">Due to recipient filtering in place to protect against potential spam messages, email addresses that do not exist in your organization will be rejected.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="mailbox-types-storage-limits-and-capacity-alerts"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-115">信箱類型、儲存限制及容量警示</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-115">Mailbox types, storage limits, and capacity alerts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-119">如需詳細資訊，請參閱本主題中的「信箱儲存限制」和「容量警示」一節中的[Exchange Online 限制](exchange-online-limits.md)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-119">For more information, see the "Mailbox storage limits" and "Capacity alerts" sections in the topic, [Exchange Online limits](exchange-online-limits.md).</span></span>
  
### <a name="mailtips"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-120">MailTips</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-120">MailTips</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span></span>
  
### <a name="delegate-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-125">委派存取</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-125">Delegate access</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-126">Exchange Online 支援委任存取－允許他人管理使用者電子郵件與行事曆的能力。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-126">Exchange Online supports delegate access—the ability for users to allow others to manage their email and calendars.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-127">委任存取常用於經理與助理之間，因助理需處理經理的電子郵件並安排經理的行事曆。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-127">Delegate access is commonly used between a manager and an assistant, where the assistant processes the manager's incoming email messages and coordinates the manager's schedule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-128">您可以透過 Outlook 或 Outlook 網頁版中的 Exchange Online 使用者，或 Exchange 系統管理中心中的管理員來啟用委派存取。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-128">Delegate access can be enabled by Exchange Online users in Outlook or Outlook on the web, or by administrators in the Exchange Admin Center.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-129">委任存取有兩種類型：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-129">Delegates can have two types of access:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-130">**代理傳送權限** 代理人可編寫電子郵件並在寄件者欄位輸入其他人的姓名，將顯示為「委任姓名」代表「姓名」。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-130">**Send on Behalf permissions** The delegate can compose email messages and enter the other person's name in the From field, where it will be displayed as "[delegate name] on behalf of [person's name]."</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-133">如需委派存取權的詳細資訊，請參閱[管理收件者的權限](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-133">For more information about delegating access, see [Manage Permissions for Recipients](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inbox-rules"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-134">收件匣規則</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-134">Inbox rules</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-135">Exchange Online 允許使用者建立收到電子郵件時的收件匣規則，自動執行特定、以標準為基礎的動作。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-135">Exchange Online allows users to create inbox rules that automatically perform specific, criteria-based actions on messages as they arrive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-136">舉例來說，若郵件發送給特定通訊群組，即可建立規則以自動移動所有郵件至特定資料夾。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-136">For example, they can create a rule to automatically move all mail to a specific folder if the mail was sent to a certain distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-137">使用者在 Outlook 或網頁上的 Outlook 中管理收件匣規則。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-137">Users manage inbox rules from Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-138">管理員可藉停用伺服器端轉寄及/或伺服器端自動回覆來封鎖特定收件匣規則類型。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-138">Administrators can block certain types of inbox rules by disabling server-side forwarding and/or server-side automatic replies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-139">例如，停用伺服器端轉寄可防止使用者自動轉寄電子郵件至個人帳戶。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-139">For example, disabling server-side email forwarding can prevent users from automatically forwarding email to personal accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-140">相同地，停用伺服器端的自動回覆可防止外部人士使用這些回覆來辨識有效的電子郵件地址。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-140">Similarly, disabling server-side automatic replies can prevent outside parties from using these replies to identify valid email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-141">這些變更將透過 Windows PowerShell 完成。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-141">These changes are made through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clutter"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-142">雜亂資料</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-142">Clutter</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span></span>
  
### <a name="connected-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-148">連結帳戶</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-148">Connected accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-149">「已連線的帳戶」功能可讓 Exchange Online 使用者將外部電子郵件帳戶（例如個人帳戶）連線至 Exchange Online 中的內部電子郵件帳戶，然後使用網頁上的 Outlook，在單一位置與其所有郵件互動。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-149">The Connected Accounts feature lets Exchange Online users connect external email accounts (such as personal accounts) to their internal email accounts in Exchange Online, and then use Outlook on the web to interact with all their messages in one place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-150">連線的帳戶會在登入至網頁型 Outlook 時自動同步處理。使用者也可以手動從網頁上的 Outlook 同步處理帳戶。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-150">Connected Accounts automatically synchronize upon sign-in to Outlook on the web; users can also manually synchronize the accounts from Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-151">管理員可透過 [Exchange 系統管理中心](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409)為特定使用者或所有使用者啟用或停用此功能。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-151">Administrators can enable and disable this feature for specific users or all users through the [Exchange admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inactive-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-152">非使用中的信箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-152">Inactive mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-158">啟用非使用中的信箱要求信箱必須具備 Exchange Online (計劃 2) 的指派授權或 Exchange Online 封存訂閱，才能在其遭刪除前設定「就地保留」或「訴訟暫止」屬性。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-158">Enabling an inactive mailbox requires that the mailbox is assigned an Exchange Online (Plan 2) license or has an Exchange Online Archiving subscription so that an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold can be placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-161">如需詳細資訊，請參閱：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-161">For more information, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="2171c-162">在 Exchange Online 中管理非使用中的信箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-162">Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=286991)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="2171c-163">就地保留和訴訟資料暫留</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-163">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="2171c-164">就地 eDiscovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-164">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271747)
    
## <a name="contacts-and-distribution-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-165">連絡人與通訊群組</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-165">Contacts and distribution groups</span></span>

### <a name="offline-address-book"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-166">離線通訊錄</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-166">Offline address book</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-167">離線通訊錄功能提供 Outlook 全域通訊清單（GAL）中可用之 Active Directory 資訊的快照。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-167">The offline address book feature provides a snapshot of the Active Directory information available in the Outlook Global Address List (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-168">將在 Outlook 中快取，讓使用者離線工作時可使用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-168">It is cached locally in Outlook to make it available when a user is working offline.</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-book-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-169">通訊錄原則</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-169">Address book policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-170">Exchange Online 支援通訊錄原則。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-170">Exchange Online supports address book policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-171">通訊錄原則 (ABP) 允許您將使用者分入特定群組以提供您組織的全域通訊清單 (GAL) 之自訂檢視。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-171">Address book policies (ABPs) allow you to segment users into specific groups to provide customized views of your organization's global address list (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-172">建立 ABP 時，您要指定 GAL、離線通訊錄 (OAB)、會議室清單和一個以上的通訊清單給該原則。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-172">When creating an ABP, you assign a GAL, an offline address book (OAB), a room list, and one or more address lists to the policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-173">然後，您可以將 ABP 指派給信箱使用者，讓他們可以存取 Outlook 和網頁型 Outlook 中的自訂 GAL。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-173">You can then assign the ABP to mailbox users, providing them with access to a customized GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-174">管理員可以使用遠端 Windows PowerShell 來設定通訊錄原則。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-174">Administrators can configure address book policies by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-175">若要深入了解通訊錄原則，請參閱 [Exchange Online 中的通訊錄](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-175">To learn more about Address Book Policies, see [Address Books in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203).</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-lists"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-176">通訊清單</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-176">Address lists</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-177">Exchange Online 支援通訊清單和 Gal 的自訂。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-177">Exchange Online supports the customization of address lists and GALs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-178">GAL 是所有擁有郵件功能的使用者、通訊群組和外部連絡人的全組織目錄。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-178">A GAL is an organization-wide directory of all mail-enabled users, distribution groups, and external contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-179">系統管理員可以使用目錄同步作業工具或遠端 Windows PowerShell，隱藏 GAL 中的使用者、通訊群組和連絡人。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-179">Administrators can hide users, distribution groups, and contacts from the GAL by using the Directory Synchronization tool or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="hierarchical-address-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-180">階層式通訊錄</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-180">Hierarchical address books</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="2171c-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="distribution-groups-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-183">通訊群組（全域）</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-183">Distribution groups (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-184">通訊群組（或通訊清單）為使用者、連絡人與其他通訊群組的組合，可為公司中的所有使用者使用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-184">A distribution group (or distribution list) is a collection of users, contacts, and other distribution groups that are available to all users in a company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-185">使用者寄送電子郵件給通訊群組別名以傳送郵件給所有群組中的人。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-185">Users address email to a distribution group alias to send messages to all people in the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-186">通訊群組與個人於 Outlook 中建立的個人通訊群組相似，除通訊群組的成員清單可提供給公司中所有人使用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-186">Distribution groups are similar to personal distribution groups that individuals create in Outlook, only their member lists are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-187">管理員可在 Exchange 系統管理中心中建立通訊群組。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-187">Administrators create distribution groups in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-188">群組可自內部部署的 Active Directory 與 Exchange Online 同步。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-188">The groups can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-189">它們會出現在 Outlook 的 GAL 中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-189">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-190">Exchange Online 支援進階通訊群組能力，包括以下所述：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-190">Exchange Online supports advanced distribution group capabilities, including these described below:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="2171c-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span></span> 
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="2171c-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="external-contacts-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-213">外部連絡人 (全域)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-213">External contacts (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-214">外部連絡人為其中包含在特定組織外作業的個人資訊的紀錄。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-214">An external contact is a record with information about a person who works outside of a specified organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-215">外部連絡人與個人於 Outlook 中建立的個人連絡人相似，除外部連絡人可提供給公司中所有人使用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-215">External contacts are similar to personal contacts that individuals create in Outlook, only they are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-216">管理員可使用 Exchange 系統管理中心或遠端 Windows PowerShell 建立外部連絡人。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-216">Administrators create external contacts using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-217">這些連絡人可自內部部署的 Active Directory 與 Exchange Online 同步。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-217">These contacts can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-218">它們會出現在 Outlook 的 GAL 中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-218">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-219">如需外部連絡人的詳細資訊，請參閱[在 Exchange Online 中建立組織關係](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-219">For more information about external contacts, see [Create an organization relationship in Exchange Online](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
## <a name="calendar-and-scheduling"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-220">日曆與排程</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-220">Calendar and scheduling</span></span>

### <a name="resource-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-221">資源信箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-221">Resource mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-222">資源信箱（例如會議室與實體設備）代表公司的會議室或其他設施或資源。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-222">Resource mailboxes (such as for conference rooms and physical equipment) represent a company's meeting rooms or other facilities or resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-223">使用者可以在 Outlook 或網頁型 Outlook 中新增資源的電子郵件別名到會議邀請中，以預約會議室或資源。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-223">Users can reserve rooms or resources by adding the resource's email alias to meeting requests in Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-224">會議室和資源會出現在 Outlook 和 Outlook 網頁版的 GAL 中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-224">Conference rooms and resources appear in the GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-227">如需資源信箱的相關資訊，請參閱：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-227">For more information about resource mailboxes, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="2171c-228">建立及管理會議室信箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-228">Create and manage room mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717533&amp;clcid=0x409)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="2171c-229">管理設備信箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-229">Manage equipment mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717534)
    
### <a name="conference-room-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-230">會議室管理</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-230">Conference room management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-233">管理員可以自訂自動會議室回應，並在網頁上的 Outlook 中設定預約原則。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-233">Administrators can customize automated conference room responses and configure booking policies in Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-234">這些原則包含可排定資源的人、可排程的時間、在資源行事曆上顯示的會議資訊、以及允許的排程衝突百分比。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-234">These policies include who can schedule the resource, when it can be scheduled, what meeting information is visible on the resource's calendar, and the percentage of scheduling conflicts allowed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-235">管理員可停用 Resource Booking Attendant 並指定特定使用者以手動管理關於會議室的會議請求。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-235">Administrators can disable the Resource Booking Attendant and assign specific users to manually manage meeting requests for conference rooms.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-236">Ad管理員需透過遠端 Windows PowerShell 來定義並管理 RBA 設定。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-236">Administrators must define and manage RBA settings through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="out-of-office-replies"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-237">外出回覆</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-237">Out-of-office replies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="calendar-sharing"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-243">行事曆共用</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-243">Calendar sharing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-244">使用者可以下列方式之一分享其個人行事曆：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-244">Users can share their personal calendar in one of two ways:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-245">**共用同盟行事曆** 同盟指的是支援同盟共用的基礎信任基礎結構，對 Exchange 使用者而言，這是與其他外部同盟組織中的收件者共用空閒/忙碌行事曆資料和連絡人資訊的簡易方法。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-245">**Federated calendar sharing** Federation refers to the underlying trust infrastructure that supports federated sharing, an easy method for Exchange users to share free/busy calendar data and contact information with recipients in other external federated organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-246">其中包括 Exchange Online 組織或在內部部署執行 Exchange Server 2010 或 Exchange Server 2013 組織。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-246">These include Exchange Online organizations or organizations running Exchange Server 2010 or Exchange Server 2013 on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-247">Exchange Online 系統管理員不需要設定 Microsoft Federation Gateway 的信任，因為建立 Microsoft 服務時，會為所有 Exchange Online 客戶預先設定此信任。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-247">Exchange Online administrators do not need to set up a trust with the Microsoft Federation Gateway because this trust is pre-configured for all Exchange Online customers when the Microsoft service is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-248">預設共用原則可讓使用者從網頁上的 Outlook 或 Outlook 2010 傳送行事曆共用邀請。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-248">A default sharing policy allows users to send calendar-sharing invitations from Outlook on the web or Outlook 2010.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-249">管理員使用遠端 Windows PowerShell 來停用此原則或設定使用者可共享的空閒／忙碌行事曆資料層級。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-249">Administrators use remote Windows PowerShell to disable this policy or to configure the level of free/busy calendar data that users can share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-250">管理員也可與其他同盟組織建立組織對組織的關係，允許每個使用者的空閒／忙碌資訊層級顯示於跨組織平台上，而無需讓個別使用者建立共享邀請。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-250">Administrators can also create an organization-to-organization relationship with another federated org, which allows the desired level of free/busy information for every user to be visible cross-organization without the need for individual users to make a sharing invitation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-251">在管理員定義的共享原則及／或組織對組織關係的範圍內，使用者可進一步個別限制其共享詳情。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-251">Within the scope of administrator-defined Sharing Policies and/or organization-organization relationships, users can individually limit the detail of their sharing further.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-252">**共用網際網路行事曆** Exchange Online 允許使用者使用 iCal 格式由組織內或組織外的使用者進行匿名存取以發佈行事曆。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-252">**Internet calendar sharing** Exchange Online allows users to publish their calendars using the iCal format for anonymous access by anyone inside or outside the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-253">收件者可使用 Exchange、其他平台或單純使用網路瀏覽器。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-253">Recipients can be using Exchange, another platform, or simply a web browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-254">Exchange Online 使用者也可以訂閱其他人透過 iCal 發佈到網際網路位置的行事曆。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-254">Exchange Online users can also subscribe to calendars that others have published to internet locations through iCal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-255">此個人行事曆共享與由管理員設定同盟行事曆共享不同，並提供組織對組織的空閒／忙碌共享。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-255">This personal calendar sharing is different than federated calendar sharing, which is configured by an administrator and provides organization-to-organization free/busy sharing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-256">在管理員設定並套用允許的共用原則之後，使用者才可以以 iCal 格式發佈行事歷數據。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-256">No user can publish calendar data in iCal format until the administrator has set and applied a sharing policy that allows it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-257">管理員可使用 Windows PowerShell 為組織中的使用者停用 iCal 發布與 iCal 訂閱。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-257">Administrators can disable iCal publishing and iCal subscriptions for users in an organization by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="2171c-258">如需有關同盟共用的詳細資訊，請參閱[在 Exchange Online 中共用](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-258">For more information about federated sharing, see [Sharing in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774).</span></span>
  
### <a name="outlook-2010-room-finder"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-259">Outlook 2010 會議室尋找工具</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-259">Outlook 2010 Room Finder</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2171c-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-262">可透過遠端 Windows PowerShell 建立新的會議室清單。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-262">A new room list can be created by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2171c-263">任何只包含會議室的通訊群組可透過遠端 Windows PowerShell 轉換為會議室清單。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-263">Any distribution group that contains only rooms can be converted to a room list through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="2171c-264">功能可用性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-264">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2171c-265">若要查看不同方案、獨立選項和內部部署方案中的功能可用性，請參閱[Exchange Online 服務說明](exchange-online-service-description.md)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2171c-265">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premises solutions, see [Exchange Online service description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span></span>
  